S77 does not have P37 (#887)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000077/properties/P000036.md

---
space: S000077
property: P000036
value: false
---

> Let $D$ denote {S63} and $I$ denote {S28}. Since $X \cong D \times I$ and {S28|P36}, it follows that $X$ is not connected. Note that a product surjects onto each of its factors, and continuous maps preserve {P36}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follows as {S28|P36} and a product is connected if and only if its factors are connected.
```
